Add note to Microsoft Entra ID to troubleshoot SAML group limit (#857)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/single-sign-on/entra-id.mdx

If you namespaced any of your claims, then Microsoft Entra ID passes the attribute name using the format `<claim_namespace/claim_name>`. Consider this format when setting team and username attribute names.

## Troubleshooting the SAML assertion

[Use this guide](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/1500005371682-Capturing-a-SAML-Assertion) to verify and validate the claims being sent in the SAML response. 

> Azure AD limits the number of group claims to 150 groups for SAML tokens. If you exceed this limit, we recommend that you create a group filter to only include the necessary groups. Refer to [Configure group claims for applications by using Microsoft Entra ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/hybrid/connect/how-to-connect-fed-group-claims#group-filtering) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
Azure AD limits the number of group claims to 150 groups when using SAML tokens. If you exceed this limit, we recommend that you create a group filter to only include the necessary groups. Refer to [Configure group claims for applications by using Microsoft Entra ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/hybrid/connect/how-to-connect-fed-group-claims#group-filtering) for more information.
```

> Azure AD limits the number of group claims to 150 groups when using SAML tokens. If you exceed this limit, we recommend that you create a group filter to only include the necessary groups. Refer to [Configure group claims for applications by using Microsoft Entra ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/hybrid/connect/how-to-connect-fed-group-claims#group-filtering) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure AD limits you to 150 group claims in SAML tokens. If you exceed this limit, we recommend that you create a group filter to only include the necessary groups. Refer to [Configure group claims for applications by using Microsoft Entra ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/hybrid/connect/how-to-connect-fed-group-claims#group-filtering) for more information.
```

> Azure AD limits the number of group claims to 150 groups for SAML tokens and 200 groups for JWT tokens. If you exceed this limit, we recommend that you create a group filter to only include the necessary groups. Refer to [Configure group claims for applications by using Microsoft Entra ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/hybrid/connect/how-to-connect-fed-group-claims#group-filtering) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
Azure AD limits the number of group claims to 150 groups for SAML tokens. If you exceed this limit, we recommend that you create a group filter to only include the necessary groups. Refer to [Configure group claims for applications by using Microsoft Entra ID](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/hybrid/connect/how-to-connect-fed-group-claims#group-filtering) for more information.
```
